## SERVER Side:
  a)the concurrent server main thread should create two threads for read and write respectively, after accepting each client. I.e., each time a new client connects to the server, i.e., the server accepts the connection, two threads per client are created. There may be multiple clients connected to a given server at the same time, hence the name concurrent.
  b)the server write thread takes input from keyboard. This input is sent to the client. This should loop on a flag variable. This flag should be common among two threads for the same client, but will be different for different client handlers inside the server. You can optionally make the checking or setting of this flag (to be stated next) in a synchronised block. The server write threads should not initiate any client close operation (as of now).
  c)when the flag will be set to false, will cause the server writeThread for a particular client to write "bye" to the client, come out of the write loop and terminate. How the flag will be set to false is stated in the readThread description.
  d)the server read thread will read from the client via the socket. This will also be running inside a while loop. The loop control variable is flag. When the read thread reads a "bye" from the client, the flag is set to false. This will cause the readThread to come out of the loop and terminate.
  e)the server main thread will loop forever for accepting newer client connection request. After handling one client request, it will check keyboard. If input is "q", the server will close all open sockets and the server socket.

## CLIENT Side:
  a)the client main should create two threads for read and write respectively, after connecting to the server
  b)the client write thread takes input from keyboard. This input is sent to the server. This write should be performed inside a while loop, on a boolean variable writeFlag. As long as writeFlag is true, the write to the server loop should continue.
  c)if the keyboard input is "bye", after sending this to the server, writeFlag will be set to false. This will cause the writeThread to come out of the write loop and terminate.
  d)the client read thread will read from the server via the socket. This will also be running inside a while loop. The loop control variable is readFlag. When the client read thread reads a "bye" from the server, the readFlag is set to false. This will cause the readThread to come out of the write loop and terminate.
  e)the client main thread will wait for the read and write threads to terminate (via thread joins). Then it will close the input and output streams and the socket.
